Disable reopen wontfix (#234)
github/accessibility-scanner: README.md

---

## Keeping an issue closed with `wontfix`

> When the scanner files an issue for an accessibility finding and that same finding turns up again on a later run, it reopens the issue (if you'd closed it) so the barrier doesn't get lost. Sometimes, though, you may want a closed issue to _stay_ closed—for example, if you've decided not to act on a particular finding, or you're tracking the work somewhere else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the scanner files an issue for an accessibility finding and that same finding turns up again on a later run, it reopens closed issues so the problem doesn't get lost. Sometimes, though, you may want a closed issue to _stay_ closed -- for example, if you've decided not to act on a particular finding, or if you're already tracking the work outside of GitHub issues.
```
